
# Description of all the files/folders here


## Folders

* `input/`
This folder contains the 600 (compressed) synthetic files used for the validation process.

* `output/`
This folder contains the output files with the probabilities assigned by pyUPMASK/UPMASK.

* `metrics/`
Contains the output from the `getMetrics` script.

* `plots/`
Where all the generated plots are stored.

* `synth_clusts`
Stores the synthetic clusters generated by the `generate_synth_clust` script.




## Scripts

* `getMetrics`
Takes the output files from pyUPMASK/UPMASK (from `output/`) and generates the metrics files. Files are stored in the `metrics/` folder.

* `metrics_vert_bars`
Plot the vertical bar plots for all the statistics, separated into PM,
PHOT, and combined results.

* `combined_summary`
Make the full summary plot that compares pyUPMASK versus UPMASK combining all the configurations, the PM & PHOT clusters, and all the metrics, into a single 'WIN vs LOSS' plots.

* `matix`
Matrix plot for PM, PHoT, and combined sets showing the (WIN-LOSS)% delta for each metric and each configuration.

* `CI_metrics`
pyUPMASK minus UPMASK versus CI for each metric, one file per configuration.

* `PPV_TPR`
PPV vs the TPR (90%) plot for each pyUPMASK configuration, and for UPMASK results.

* `summary_metrics`
Win vs loss for PM & PHOT, and bar plots for each metric showing how many were won/lost.

* `generate_synth_clust`
Script to generate synthetic clusters with proper motions, based on the template `synth_clust_input.dat` synthetic cluster.

* `CMD_rand`
Picks a random file (output from the pyUPMASk and UPMASK analysis) and
generates a coordinates and CMD plot.


* `UP_convergence`
Analysis of the required number of outer loop runs for UPMASK to converge. Uses the files in the 'UPMASK_convergence/' folder, which were pre-processed with the `XXXX` script to obtain their metrics.