
# Description of all the files/folders here


## Folders

* `input/`
This folder contains the 600 (compressed) synthetic files used for the validation process.

* `metrics/`
Contains the output from the `getMetrics` script.

* `old/`
Old not-used scripts.

* `OLD_modules`
Early iterations of the code.

* `output/`
This folder contains the output files with the probabilities assigned by pyUPMASK/UPMASK.

* `plots/`
Where all the generated plots are stored.

* `synth_clusts`
Stores the synthetic clusters generated by the `generate_synth_clust` script.

* `UPMASK_convergence/`
Files used by the `UP-convergence.py` script.



## Scripts

* `auxFuncs`
Contains the parameters `tie_min, tie_max`, and the functions of general use: `WinTieLoss()`, `readTables()`.

* `cantat_gaudin.py`
Cantat-Gaudin code modified to run on the cluster.

* `CI_metrics`
pyUPMASK minus UPMASK versus CI for each metric, one file per clustering method. Also plots, optionally, the raw metric for pyUPMASK.

* `CI_UP-PYUP`
pyUPMASK minus UPMASK versus CI for all the combined metric, for each clustering method.

* `CMD_results_plot`
Plot the three worst performers for each set (PHOT, PM) for a selected clustering method, versus UPMASK.

* `combined_summary`
Make the full summary plot that compares pyUPMASK versus UPMASK combining all the configurations, the PM & PHOT clusters, and all the metrics, into a single 'WIN vs LOSS' plots.

* `generate_synth_clust`
Script to generate synthetic clusters with proper motions, based on the template `synth_clust_input.dat` synthetic cluster.

* `getMetrics`
Takes the output files from pyUPMASK/UPMASK (from `output/`) and generates the metrics files. Files are stored in the `metrics/` folder.

* `matrix`
Matrix plot for PM, PHoT, and combined sets showing the (WIN-LOSS)% delta for each metric and each configuration.

* `metrics_hbars`
Horizontal bar for the combined PHOT+PM sets for all the metrics for each clustering method in pyUPMASK versus UPMASK.

* `metrics_hbars_split`
Horizontal bar plots for PHOT, PM, and PHOT+PM, for all the metrics, for each clustering method in pyUPMASK versus UPMASK.

* `met_vs_ci_nstUP`
???? TODO

* `MST_vs_RK`
Compare the results of a pyUPMASK run using Kmeans with the results from UPMASK-MST (Cantat-Gaudin modification). The output data files for the "KMS_clean" run are in the `output/KMS_clean/`.

* `PPV_TPR`
PPV vs the TPR (90%) plot for each pyUPMASK configuration, and for UPMASK results.

* `summary_metrics`
Win vs loss for PM & PHOT, and bar plots for each metric showing how many were won/lost.

* `times`
Generates the final vertical bar plot showing the time performance for each method in pyUPMASK + UPMASK + MST.

* `UPMASK_code`
UPMASK code in R and Python function to call it.

* `UP_convergence`
Analysis of the required number of outer loop runs for UPMASK to converge. Uses the files in the `UPMASK_convergence/` folder, which were pre-processed with the `XXXX` script to obtain their metrics. TODO